in today's video we will go through
2012's documentary crime movie the
imposter spoilers ahead you have been
worn make sure to give this video a
thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
in 1994 13 year old nicholas barkley
nick
disappeared from san antonio texas that
day of nick's disappearance his mom
beverly
had sent him off to play basketball and
she told him to come home by dinner
but nick never arrived home three years
and four months later in spain
police radioed chatters and a couple
informs the police about finding a small
boy
with no id and documentation they asked
the police to come and help him
the boy is sitting inside a phone booth
when it's raining outside with thunder
rumbling
soon the police siren wails a police
officer goes near him and asks him
something in spanish
but the boy doesn't understand he is
taken to the station where they ask him
questions about himself in spanish
but the boy remains silent a police
officer calls someone on the phone and
the boy is soon taken to a children's
home
at the shelter they ask him his name and
address he tells him that he is from
america
and expresses his desire to contact his
family himself
he doesn't want his family to receive a
call from the police or the prosecutor
or the judge in spain and due to the
time difference between spain and
america
he asks the officers to stay at the
office that night and call his family
early in the morning but his real motive
was to look for an american identity to
steal that night so that he can present
it to the police the next day
he then calls several police stations in
america pretending to be the spanish
police
he informs him of a lost boy who looks
american he then tells him that the
boy's name and information are unknown
he does this to in turn receive
information about missing boys from
america
so that he can steal their identity the
american police ask him to contact the
center for missing and exploited
children
he then calls them and tells them the
same thing the lady there finds the
details of nicholas barkley
nick who has been missing for many years
from san antonio
the boy then asks for a photo of nick
and receives it through the facts at the
office
he then decides to present himself as
nick to the officers the following day
the boy finds beverly's information and
calls her telling her that spanish
police have found nick in linares spain
beverly is beyond surprise and
immediately calls her daughter carrie
later when carrie calls the boy he
pretends to be jonathan dorian from the
children's shelter
he tells her that nick was abducted and
abused and he is hurt and traumatized
and was found in the street
carrie promises nick that she would come
to take him home
the following day the fbi is notified
about nick a lady fbi officer
immediately calls carrie and tells her
that they have to interview nick as soon
as he is brought back
the fbi coordinates with the us embassy
in spain about the matter
the morning the imposter receives a
package from the center of missing
children with a fire of nick's
description
and a color photo of him he looks at the
photo and finds that he looks nothing
like him as nick was blonde with blue
eyes
he burns the picture of nick he soon
hears that someone from the us
embassy is coming to get him he doesn't
know what to do so he runs away from the
children's shelter
the official from the u.s embassy coming
to get him finds out and is ordered to
find nick
the nick imposter tries to hitchhike a
ride out of the town but the official
from the u.s
embassy finds him nick is then taken
back to the shelter
where the shelter director tells him
that his sister carrie is on her way to
spain from san antonio to get him
meanwhile carrie gets on the plane to
spain and lands in spain after some time
meanwhile nick's imposter tries coloring
his hair blonde
he also gets the tattoos that nick had
as mentioned in the file he received
carrie drives to the shelter with a u.s
embassy official carrie then calls him
and a little later nick's imposter comes
to meet her when carrie sees him she
immediately hugs him
and acknowledges him as her real brother
the imposter is relieved and tells her
that he loves her
carrie shows the imposter some pictures
of nick narrating the photos she is
showing
the imposter doesn't talk much with her
but whispers in a new accent
later a legal meeting is held with the
u.s embassy officials police judge
carrie and the imposter of nick the
judge shows five pictures to the
impostor
and asks him to recognize the people in
those pictures those are the pictures
carrie showed him earlier
he identifies most of the people in the
picture and the judge is convinced of
him being nick
he is then declared a u.s citizen that
night carrie and nick don't talk with
each other much and go to sleep
as soon as carrie falls asleep nick gets
out of the room and thinks of running
away
but abandons the plan in hopes of
getting a chance to live his life to the
fullest
the following day carrie and the
imposter go to the airport for a flight
to the u.s
kerry looks at nick and sees him very
cautious about getting on the flight
they get on the plane everyone in the
u.s is excited about carrie returning
with nick
the impostor realizes that there is no
going back now
when they arrive in the us beverly picks
them up at the airport
she realizes that nick has changed a lot
but she thinks about what he has been
through and clears it as normal
the imposter nick rarely speaks with
anyone beverly senses that he is feeling
uneasy
they then drive home from the airport
and everyone is happy about nick's
return
the next day nick sees what he expected
the us to be
he seems to be living his dream he
forgets his real identity and lives
happily as nick
he gradually starts living a normal life
he has a typical routine he spends time
with his family
he goes for a drive with his nephew he
also spends time with his friends
the family doesn't ask about what
happened to him when he disappeared
when the fbi doesn't hear from the
family when nick returns to the u.s
they decide to meet nick at the san
antonio missing children's center
to conduct their first interview the
purpose of that interview is to get his
account of his kidnapping
and his assistance in locating his
abductors the fbi officer notices
changes in nick he doesn't appear 16 has
a shallow dark beard and is nervous
the imposter looks pretty uncomfortable
during the entire conversation
pretending to be nick he tells her that
he was abducted by some overseas
military
in a van and flown over to places he
never knew of
he was then kept in a room with other
children and they were chloroformed
he also says that he was subjected to
military sexual abuse
every night he describes a military man
as american mexican and european
he also adds that he was beaten and his
arms and legs were broken
and he also faced a lot of torture the
military also put a solution in his eye
that changed its color
he then explains how he was able to
escape the imprisonment he was in spain
after he escaped and that was when the
policeman found him the fbi officer
believes
everything the impostor says she thinks
that he has experienced
everything he said because of the
detailed information he provides her
the imposter finally feels like he has
won everyone in the family believes that
he is nick and nobody is suspicious of
him
some days later a private investigator
named charlie parker shows interest in
nick's story
a television producer asks him to get
nick's interview
the fbi is also supportive of nick being
on tv
many television channels cover his story
charlie notices his eye and finds his
eye color has changed
but he is peculiarly interested in his
ears he says that human ears are like
their fingerprints
he uploads the image of his ear on the
computer and he finds that the ears were
different from real nick
he initially thinks the imposter is a
spy he tries
investigating the imposter he calls the
fbi office and tells her about his
findings
she thinks why would the family accept
an imposter as their son or brother
meanwhile nick goes to school for the
first time on a school bus
he feels pleased about getting to go to
an american school
he feels lucky about getting a second
chance to live life again
on the other hand charlie is sure about
nick being an imposter
the fbi also starts digging into this
case they start with the forensic
reports
the imposter is taken to a doctor and
the doctor analyzes his story
the doctor suspects that something is
wrong with nick as he doesn't see the
physiological change in body posture
pupil size and heart rate while he is
talking about his traumas
the doctor also notices his accent he
says that the impostor is not raised in
an english-speaking home
immediately the fbi officer notifies the
family about the impostor
and tells him not to take him home but
when they get back from the hospital
carrie is there to pick him up
the fbi allows the impostor to go to the
family home temporarily
during the following days charlie starts
investigating around the neighborhood
he finds that the imposter nick causes
trouble and has arguments in the house
because of which the police often come
to the house when the fbi asks for a
blood sample beverly refuses
kerry also feels that they don't need to
prove anything the imposter feels that
the family knows of him being an
imposter but they aren't doing anything
according to him the family is also
pretending to accept him as their real
son
despite knowing that he is an imposter
while investigating charlie finds out
that nick's brother jason
had reported nick trying to break into
the house after some months of his
disappearance
charlie thinks that something happened
to nick at his own house and maybe he
was killed there
soon the impostor also finds out about
that the imposter then cannot pretend to
be nick anymore
the fbi is also onto him and they send
his prince to interpol
the imposter then gets very nervous
charlie continuously starts tailing him
and he is also on the constant watch of
the fbi
one day the imposter slits his face with
a blade thinking all his impersonating
act is over
interpol also finds the truth and faxes
the information to the fbi
charlie meets the imposter in a
restaurant one day he confronts him and
asks him about the truth
meanwhile the fbi receives the facts
from interpol
the truth finally reveals and the truth
comes out
it turns out that the impostor is named
frederick borden from france
he is 23 years old and is wanted by
interpol he tells the same thing to
charlie at the restaurant
he starts telling charlie about his
criminal activities he moves from
different shelters around europe under
fake aliases
finally interpol arrests the imposter
board in he contacts the police and
tells him about the family's
participation in the disappearance of
the real nick
the police open an investigation about
nick charlie continues his investigation
and digs the backyard of nick's house
meanwhile the fbi asks beverly to take a
polygraph test
the fbi finally catches her lie in the
third test
they question her about nick but she
gets agitated and runs off
she claims that she doesn't know
anything about nick now the suspect is
jason
nick's brother the fbi tracks jason to a
rehabilitation center
when the fbi questions jason about nick
but he doesn't seem interested in his
brother
and refuses to help in any way at the
same time
charlie is digging in the backyard but
he finds nothing
later the fbi finds jason escape the
rehabilitation center and has died of an
overdose
the fbi still suspects that the family
knows what happened to nick
but the whole family refuses to
acknowledge the fact
borden still keeps calling the parents
of missing children and remains a
pathological liar
he is a mentally unstable person nick's
family despises him for blaming them for
nick's death even after taking care of
him
thinking he was nick thanks for watching
make sure to like and comment on the
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
the channel to see more of these movie
summaries